com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/wav/WavTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.wav.WavTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.wav.WavTag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTOLY.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTOLY
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3TextEncodingConversion.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3TextEncodingConversion
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/images/AndroidArtwork.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.images.AndroidArtwork
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ChunkHeaderReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ChunkHeaderReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPE1.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPE1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfTagField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTagField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavFileReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavFileReader$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavTagReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavTagReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavTagReader$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/ID3NumberTotalFields.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.ID3NumberTotalFields
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/Dsf.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.Dsf
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/atom/Mp4DataBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.atom.Mp4DataBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v23Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/aiff/AiffTagFieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.aiff.AiffTagFieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyIMG.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyIMG
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/AsfExtHeaderReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.AsfExtHeaderReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataPicture.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataPicture
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyLINK.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyLINK
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/VorbisPacketType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.VorbisPacketType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/atom/Mp4RatingValue.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.atom.Mp4RatingValue
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyPOSS.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyPOSS
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/InvalidDataTypeException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.InvalidDataTypeException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisCommentCreator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentCreator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyEQUA.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyEQUA
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4StcoBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4StcoBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/FullRequestInputStream.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.FullRequestInputStream
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ChunkRemover.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ChunkRemover
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/AudioFileFilter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.AudioFileFilter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v24Frames.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24Frames
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/util/Base64Coder.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.util.Base64Coder
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4MvhdBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4MvhdBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTCMP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTCMP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyGRP1.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyGRP1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4NonStandardFieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4NonStandardFieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTOAL.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTOAL
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/InvalidFrameIdentifierException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.InvalidFrameIdentifierException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfTagBannerField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTagBannerField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringHashMap.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringHashMap
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/ContentBranding.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.ContentBranding
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/FileConstants.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.FileConstants
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/EncodingChunkReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.EncodingChunkReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/AbstractTagDisplayFormatter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.AbstractTagDisplayFormatter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/MP3AudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.MP3AudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/MutableTreeNode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.MutableTreeNode
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/FieldDataInvalidException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.FieldDataInvalidException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacTagReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagReader$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/BlockType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.BlockType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/V2GenreTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.V2GenreTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/CannotReadVideoException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.CannotReadVideoException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/NameChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.NameChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/Lyrics3v2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.Lyrics3v2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagBinaryField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagBinaryField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v24FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacTagCreator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagCreator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4AudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4AudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/GUID.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.GUID
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTLEN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTLEN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/TreeModelEvent.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.TreeModelEvent
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDTG.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDTG
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/ExtDouble.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.ExtDouble
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisCommentReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyEQU2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyEQU2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/util/ChunkPositionComparator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.util.ChunkPositionComparator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4BoxHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4BoxHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/reference/MediaMonkeyPlayerRating.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.reference.MediaMonkeyPlayerRating
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/NullPadding.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.NullPadding
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffTagReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffTagReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/PlainTextTagDisplayFormatter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.PlainTextTagDisplayFormatter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDEN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDEN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v1Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v1Tag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v1Tag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/MP3FileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.MP3FileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/ID3V2ExtendedGenreTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.ID3V2ExtendedGenreTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyRBUF.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyRBUF
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/PrimitiveUtils.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.PrimitiveUtils
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4AlacBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4AlacBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWPUB.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWPUB
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/AbstractID3v2FrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.AbstractID3v2FrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyENCR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyENCR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AiffChunkSummary.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AiffChunkSummary
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTMED.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTMED
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDAT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDAT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyXSOT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyXSOT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/FormatVersionChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.FormatVersionChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/Chunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.Chunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/util/TagConverter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.util.TagConverter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/VorbisIdentificationHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.VorbisIdentificationHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavFactChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavFactChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagRawBinaryField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagRawBinaryField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringNullTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringNullTerminated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/GenericAudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.GenericAudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4AtomIdentifier.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4AtomIdentifier
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavFormatChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavFormatChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/ReceivedAsTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.ReceivedAsTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyPCNT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyPCNT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWPAY.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWPAY
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSIZ.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSIZ
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v2ChapterFrames.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v2ChapterFrames
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4GenreField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4GenreField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/ID3v24FrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.ID3v24FrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v23Frame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23Frame
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23Frame$EncodingFlags
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23Frame$StatusFlags
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/Pair.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.Pair
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPUB.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPUB
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWORS.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWORS
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodySYLT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodySYLT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyCOMM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyCOMM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/AbstractFrameBodyPairs.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.AbstractFrameBodyPairs
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/iff/ChunkHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.iff.ChunkHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyLYR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyLYR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/VbriFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.VbriFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyUSLT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyUSLT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/TextEncodedStringSizeTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.TextEncodedStringSizeTerminated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/aiff/AiffTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.aiff.AiffTag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/CannotReadException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.CannotReadException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/EqualsUtil.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.EqualsUtil
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/OggInfoReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.OggInfoReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/Id3FieldType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.Id3FieldType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyUnsupported.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyUnsupported
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v23FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileReader2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileReader2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataApplication.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataApplication
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyXSOA.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyXSOA
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyINF.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyINF
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/ApplicationChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.ApplicationChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/CountingInputStream.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.CountingInputStream
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTEXT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTEXT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringDate.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringDate
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4FileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4FileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/flac/FlacTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.flac.FlacTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.flac.FlacTag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/DsfFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.DsfFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTRCK.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTRCK
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4TagReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4TagReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/MetadataReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.MetadataReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/reference/MediaPlayerRating.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.reference.MediaPlayerRating
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/Id3SupportingTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.Id3SupportingTag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/LanguageList.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.LanguageList
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWOAF.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWOAF
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/FileHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.FileHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/iff/ChunkSummary.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.iff.ChunkSummary
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v24PreferredFrameOrderComparator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24PreferredFrameOrderComparator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/EventListenerList.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.EventListenerList
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/ID3V2Version.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.ID3V2Version
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractTagItem.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractTagItem
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/ContentDescription.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.ContentDescription
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSOA.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSOA
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTMCL.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTMCL
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavListChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavListChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/Lyrics3v1Iterator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.Lyrics3v1Iterator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/TreeModel.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.TreeModel
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/AbstractFrameBodyNumberTotal.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.AbstractFrameBodyNumberTotal
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/real/RealFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.real.RealFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractTagFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractTagFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyAUT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyAUT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlock.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlock
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyUnsupported.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyUnsupported
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractDataType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractDataType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyEncrypted.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyEncrypted
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/NumberHashMap.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.NumberHashMap
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractID3v2Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Tag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Tag$1
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Tag$2
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Tag$FrameAndSubId
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataStreamInfo.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataStreamInfo
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3Unsynchronization.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3Unsynchronization
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4FreeBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4FreeBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTALB.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTALB
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/PartOfSet.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.PartOfSet
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.PartOfSet$PartOfSetValue
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/PairedTextEncodedStringNullTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.PairedTextEncodedStringNullTerminated
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.PairedTextEncodedStringNullTerminated$ValuePairs
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/AsfHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.AsfHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/MultipleTextEncodedStringNullTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.MultipleTextEncodedStringNullTerminated
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.MultipleTextEncodedStringNullTerminated$Values
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/MPEGFrameHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.MPEGFrameHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/HashMapInterface.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.HashMapInterface
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/TreeNode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.TreeNode
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/BooleanString.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.BooleanString
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/FileSystemMessage.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.FileSystemMessage
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyMVIN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyMVIN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractIntStringValuePair.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractIntStringValuePair
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWCOP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWCOP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/Lyrics3Line.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.Lyrics3Line
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/TextEncoding.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.TextEncoding
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/reference/ITunesRating.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.reference.ITunesRating
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/ModificationHandler.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.ModificationHandler
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/options/PadNumberOption.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.options.PadNumberOption
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/EventTimingTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.EventTimingTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v22PreferredFrameOrderComparator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v22PreferredFrameOrderComparator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/StreamBitratePropertiesChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.StreamBitratePropertiesChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v24Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/PaddingException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.PaddingException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/real/RealTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.real.RealTag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ChunkContainerReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ChunkContainerReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/atom/Mp4ContentTypeValue.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.atom.Mp4ContentTypeValue
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/XingFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.XingFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractTag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavInfoReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavInfoReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavInfoReader$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSOC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSOC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyCOMR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyCOMR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/ModifyVetoException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.ModifyVetoException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavSaveOrder.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavSaveOrder
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPOS.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPOS
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/AsfFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.AsfFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyASPI.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyASPI
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacAudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacAudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v1Iterator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v1Iterator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyMLLT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyMLLT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWXXX.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWXXX
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/AsfStreamer.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.AsfStreamer
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyETT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyETT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractID3Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/CopyrightChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.CopyrightChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/MP3FileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.MP3FileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4FtypBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4FtypBox
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4FtypBox$Brand
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileModificationAdapter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileModificationAdapter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractString.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractString
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSOT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSOT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyPOPM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyPOPM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/ByteArraySizeTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.ByteArraySizeTerminated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/OggFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractTagFrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractTagFrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/iff/Chunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.iff.Chunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/EventTimingTimestampTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.EventTimingTimestampTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/ISOCountry.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.ISOCountry
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.ISOCountry$Country
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/OggPageHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.OggPageHeader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.OggPageHeader$HeaderTypeFlag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.OggPageHeader$PacketStartAndLength
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TrackField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TrackField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/VideoStreamChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.VideoStreamChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4EsdsBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4EsdsBox
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4EsdsBox$AudioProfile
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4EsdsBox$Kind
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/Utils.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.Utils
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/ID3Chunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.ID3Chunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4DrmsBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4DrmsBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/DsdChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.DsdChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacInfoReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacInfoReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyOWNE.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyOWNE
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/AudioFile.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.AudioFile
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.AudioFile$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/OggVorbisTagReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggVorbisTagReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggVorbisTagReader$OggVorbisHeaderSizes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/UnableToCreateFileException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.UnableToCreateFileException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTKEY.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTKEY
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyAENC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyAENC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/wav/WavInfoTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.wav.WavInfoTag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffAudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffAudioHeader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffAudioHeader$Endian
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagReverseDnsField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagReverseDnsField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataPadding.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataPadding
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/TCONString.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.TCONString
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/EncryptionChunkReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.EncryptionChunkReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyCRM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyCRM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagTextField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagTextField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDOR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDOR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTCOM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTCOM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4HdlrBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4HdlrBox
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4HdlrBox$MediaDataType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/TagNotFoundException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.TagNotFoundException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AuthorChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AuthorChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTIT1.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTIT1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisCommentTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentTag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfFieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfFieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyXSOP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyXSOP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/ImageFormats.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.ImageFormats
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/Lyrics3Image.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.Lyrics3Image
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/NoReadPermissionsException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.NoReadPermissionsException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/VorbisVersion.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.VorbisVersion
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/AsfHeaderReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.AsfHeaderReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/CommentsChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.CommentsChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/PerformerHelper.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.PerformerHelper
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDLY.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDLY
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavChunkType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavChunkType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacStreamReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacStreamReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/AbstractFrameBodyUrlLink.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.AbstractFrameBodyUrlLink
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/EncodingChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.EncodingChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AiffChunkType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AiffChunkType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/ContainerType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.ContainerType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/SynchronisedLyricsContentType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.SynchronisedLyricsContentType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyEAR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyEAR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/InvalidBoxHeaderException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.InvalidBoxHeaderException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3Tags.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3Tags
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTMOO.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTMOO
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/ID3Chunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.ID3Chunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPRO.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPRO
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/TagField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.TagField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/InvalidTagException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.InvalidTagException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ChunkModifier.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ChunkModifier
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/StreamChunkReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.StreamChunkReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v1FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v1FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodySEEK.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodySEEK
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/images/ArtworkFactory.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.images.ArtworkFactory
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/Lyrics3TimeStamp.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.Lyrics3TimeStamp
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/ChunkContainer.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.ChunkContainer
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWOAR.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWOAR
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSST.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSST
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyUSER.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyUSER
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4MetaBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4MetaBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTORY.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTORY
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/InterpolationTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.InterpolationTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisAlbumArtistReadOptions.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisAlbumArtistReadOptions
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v11Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v11Tag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v11Tag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSSE.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSSE
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/LanguageListReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.LanguageListReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3Compression.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3Compression
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/EncryptionChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.EncryptionChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AbstractTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AbstractTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AbstractTag$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyAPIC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyAPIC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavRIFFHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavRIFFHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTOFN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTOFN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/atom/Mp4MeanBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.atom.Mp4MeanBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/Lyrics3v2Field.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.Lyrics3v2Field
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/TagOptionSingleton.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.TagOptionSingleton
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/StandardIPLSKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.StandardIPLSKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/CommonChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.CommonChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AiffChunkReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AiffChunkReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/MusicianCredits.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.MusicianCredits
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/NullBoxIdException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.NullBoxIdException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/DsfFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.DsfFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/EventTimingCodeList.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.EventTimingCodeList
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTRDA.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTRDA
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTXXX.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTXXX
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ContentBrandingReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ContentBrandingReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/atom/Mp4NameBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.atom.Mp4NameBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/AbstractMp4Box.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.AbstractMp4Box
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AnnotationChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AnnotationChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/MetadataContainer.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.MetadataContainer
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.MetadataContainer$DescriptorPointer
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ChunkReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ChunkReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTRSO.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTRSO
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyIND.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyIND
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTIME.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTIME
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTOWN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTOWN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractValuePair.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractValuePair
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v22Frame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v22Frame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/InvalidAudioFrameException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.InvalidAudioFrameException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/DefaultTreeModel.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultTreeModel
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyRVAD.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyRVAD
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTIT3.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTIT3
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/MusicalKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.MusicalKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/VorbisHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.VorbisHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyUFID.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyUFID
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/WriteableChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.WriteableChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractID3v1Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v1Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/valuepair/ChannelTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.valuepair.ChannelTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/TreeModelListener.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.TreeModelListener
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodySYTC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodySYTC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyRVA2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyRVA2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfTagCoverField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTagCoverField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/OggVorbisTagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggVorbisTagWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPE3.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPE3
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/FileTypeUtil.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.FileTypeUtil
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ModificationResult.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ModificationResult
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v23Frames.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23Frames
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisCommentTagField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentTagField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffFileHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffFileHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/Lyrics3v1.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.Lyrics3v1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyGEOB.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyGEOB
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/SynchronisedTempoCodeList.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.SynchronisedTempoCodeList
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/Languages.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.Languages
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/ID3v22FrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.ID3v22FrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyIPLS.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyIPLS
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/OggFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/AbstractFrameBodyTextInfo.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.AbstractFrameBodyTextInfo
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AggregatedFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AggregatedFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavId3Chunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavId3Chunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/AudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.AudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/GenericTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.GenericTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.GenericTag$GenericTagTextField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagCoverField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagCoverField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/SoundChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.SoundChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileWriter2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileWriter2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDRL.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDRL
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/DataTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.DataTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/InvalidFrameException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.InvalidFrameException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTBPM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTBPM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/KeyNotFoundException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.KeyNotFoundException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyCHAP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyCHAP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/Lyrics3v2Fields.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.Lyrics3v2Fields
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavChunkSummary.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavChunkSummary
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4TagField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4TagField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v24Frame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24Frame
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24Frame$EncodingFlags
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v24Frame$StatusFlags
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/AbstractLyrics3v2FieldFrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.AbstractLyrics3v2FieldFrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringSizeTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringSizeTerminated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3SyncSafeInteger.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3SyncSafeInteger
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4DiscNoField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4DiscNoField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/BooleanByte.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.BooleanByte
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/TyerTdatAggregatedFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.TyerTdatAggregatedFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/ReadOnlyFileException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.ReadOnlyFileException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4Mp4aBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4Mp4aBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisCommentFieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisCommentFieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/TreePath.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.TreePath
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavTagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavTagWriter
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavTagWriter$BothTagsFileStructure
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavTagWriter$InfoFieldWriterOrderComparator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/images/Artwork.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.images.Artwork
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/LameFrame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.LameFrame
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavSaveOptions.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavSaveOptions
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AbstractTagCreator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AbstractTagCreator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/TextEncodedStringNullTerminated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.TextEncodedStringNullTerminated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/NoWritePermissionsException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.NoWritePermissionsException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/DsfChunkType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.DsfChunkType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSO2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSO2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/NumberVariableLength.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.NumberVariableLength
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyDeprecated.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyDeprecated
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/EmptyFrameException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.EmptyFrameException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/AsfExtHeaderModifier.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.AsfExtHeaderModifier
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/GUIDFormatException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.GUIDFormatException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/CannotWriteException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.CannotWriteException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/ID3v23FrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.ID3v23FrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyMVNM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyMVNM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyPIC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyPIC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSRC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSRC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/DirectByteBufferUtils.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.DirectByteBufferUtils
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.DirectByteBufferUtils$AndroidReleaseStrategy
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.DirectByteBufferUtils$OpenJdkReleaseStrategy
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.DirectByteBufferUtils$ReleaseStrategy
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.DirectByteBufferUtils$UnsupportedJvmReleaseStrategy
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/MP3File.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.MP3File
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/AbstractID3v2Frame.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Frame
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Frame$EncodingFlags
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.AbstractID3v2Frame$StatusFlags
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/TagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.TagWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/PictureTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.PictureTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTYER.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTYER
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/ID3v2ChapterFrameBody.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.ID3v2ChapterFrameBody
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/AsfExtendedHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.AsfExtendedHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/CountingOutputstream.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.CountingOutputstream
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/TagException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.TagException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/XMLTagDisplayFormatter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.XMLTagDisplayFormatter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagTextNumberField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagTextNumberField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/ContentDescriptionReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.ContentDescriptionReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTDRC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTDRC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTCON.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTCON
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/StandardCharsets.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.StandardCharsets
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTOPE.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTOPE
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/EncoderType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.EncoderType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4TagByteField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4TagByteField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4TagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4TagWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyGRID.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyGRID
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPE2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPE2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTSOP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTSOP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTCOP.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTCOP
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/VorbisSetupHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.VorbisSetupHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/real/RealChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.real.RealChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataCueSheet.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataCueSheet
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTLAN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTLAN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringDateTime.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringDateTime
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/generic/AudioFileModificationListener.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.generic.AudioFileModificationListener
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/AiffCompressionType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.AiffCompressionType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4InfoReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4InfoReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfTag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTag
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTag$1
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTag$AsfFieldIterator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/dsf/FmtChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.dsf.FmtChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v1TagField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v1TagField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v22Frames.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v22Frames
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/AbstractLyrics3.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.AbstractLyrics3
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWOAS.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWOAS
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/Hex.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.Hex
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/utils/tree/DefaultMutableTreeNode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$1
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$BreadthFirstEnumeration
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$BreadthFirstEnumeration$Queue
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$BreadthFirstEnumeration$Queue$QNode
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$PathBetweenNodesEnumeration
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$PostorderEnumeration
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.utils.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode$PreorderEnumeration
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4AtomTree.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4AtomTree
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v22FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v22FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/MetadataContainerFactory.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.MetadataContainerFactory
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyMCDI.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyMCDI
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/TempoCode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.TempoCode
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodySIGN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodySIGN
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/RandomAccessFileOutputStream.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.RandomAccessFileOutputStream
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/ISOScript.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.ISOScript
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.ISOScript$Script
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavSubFormat.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavSubFormat
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/WavOptions.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.WavOptions
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractDataTypeList.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractDataTypeList
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/UnableToModifyFileException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.UnableToModifyFileException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/OggVorbisCommentTagCreator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.OggVorbisCommentTagCreator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/EventTimingCode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.EventTimingCode
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavInfoIdentifier.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavInfoIdentifier
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/AudioStreamChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.AudioStreamChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4FieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4FieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4StsdBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4StsdBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/wav/chunk/WavInfoChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.wav.chunk.WavInfoChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/atom/Mp4MdhdBox.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.atom.Mp4MdhdBox
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/RandomAccessFileInputstream.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.RandomAccessFileInputstream
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTIPL.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTIPL
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTFLT.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTFLT
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyWCOM.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyWCOM
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyRVRB.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyRVRB
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffTagFieldKey.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffTagFieldKey
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffUtil.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffUtil
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/ID3v2LyricLine.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.ID3v2LyricLine
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v22Tag.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v22Tag
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/util/Utils.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.util.Utils
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/GenreTypes.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.GenreTypes
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/SupportedFileFormat.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.SupportedFileFormat
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/exceptions/UnableToRenameFileException.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.exceptions.UnableToRenameFileException
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp4/Mp4FileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp4.Mp4FileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockDataSeekTable.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockDataSeekTable
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyETCO.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyETCO
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyCTOC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyCTOC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/iff/IffHeaderChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.iff.IffHeaderChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/NumberFixedLength.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.NumberFixedLength
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AsfTagTextField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AsfTagTextField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/asf/AbstractAsfTagImageField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.asf.AbstractAsfTagImageField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/AsfFileWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.AsfFileWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/logging/ErrorMessage.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.logging.ErrorMessage
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/StringFixedLength.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.StringFixedLength
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyPRIV.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyPRIV
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTIT2.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTIT2
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/StreamBitratePropertiesReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.StreamBitratePropertiesReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/AudioFileIO.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.AudioFileIO
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/SynchronisedTempoCode.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.SynchronisedTempoCode
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/chunk/TextChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.chunk.TextChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/reference/ID3Rating.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.reference.ID3Rating
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.reference.ID3Rating$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4TagFieldSubType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4TagFieldSubType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/TagTextField.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.TagTextField
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTPE4.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTPE4
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacTagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagWriter
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagWriter$1
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacTagWriter$MetadataBlockInfo
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/MetadataDescriptor.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.MetadataDescriptor
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/FlacFileReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.FlacFileReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTENC.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTENC
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/WriteableChunkModifer.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.WriteableChunkModifer
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffInfoReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffInfoReader
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffInfoReader$1
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/field/Mp4FieldType.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.field.Mp4FieldType
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/mp4/Mp4TagCreator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.mp4.Mp4TagCreator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/data/StreamChunk.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.data.StreamChunk
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/aiff/AiffTagWriter.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.aiff.AiffTagWriter
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/vorbiscomment/VorbisAlbumArtistSaveOptions.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.vorbiscomment.VorbisAlbumArtistSaveOptions
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/flac/metadatablock/MetadataBlockData.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.flac.metadatablock.MetadataBlockData
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/mp3/ByteArrayMP3AudioHeader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.mp3.ByteArrayMP3AudioHeader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/ogg/util/OggCRCFactory.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.ogg.util.OggCRCFactory
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3Frames.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3Frames
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/datatype/AbstractStringStringValuePair.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.datatype.AbstractStringStringValuePair
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/lyrics3/FieldFrameBodyEAL.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.lyrics3.FieldFrameBodyEAL
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/audio/asf/io/FileHeaderReader.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.audio.asf.io.FileHeaderReader
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/reference/Tagger.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.reference.Tagger
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/ID3v23PreferredFrameOrderComparator.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.ID3v23PreferredFrameOrderComparator
com/shabinder/jaudiotagger/tag/id3/framebody/FrameBodyTRSN.java
 com.shabinder.jaudiotagger.tag.id3.framebody.FrameBodyTRSN
